hello how about youtube friends like
are jonathan mc 2000 and today I bring you
this new application for ios iphone
ipod and ipad good what this is about
new application that I brought them is for
have more followers in your on your twitter
it is not a hack nothing is an application
that you follow and they follow you
they are following you
This you must follow together coins
and once they put together coins they
they will charge for each follower
You are taking some coins from
that's what the application is about
and well, I've been uploading videos
of poor quality
why
Well, what happens is that it has a
little that broke down on my laptop and
I could not edit the videos well
good
let's start
let's go to the app store
then we will look for eyes we have to
put them fall wars
have to say have to say twitter
yes no then no and well then I recommend
is because what worked for me the most
has very good reviews very qualified
and weighs 11.3 mb the little screen the
photos and is very good
and well, because lan in download they put their
password
there and I found
this is what the application what
work
Well then it is that for a user
can you continue then you can catch each
who here are you going to follow here I have 100
of money from coins we follow and we
we are winning four coins
we follow follow and it's easy
and we're going to go now following
getting more followers and it's illegal
because you keep appearing in a list
to follow
and I can you can buy coins or
you can buy the pro and
here for what purpose why
It seems
so that it is
so you're not on the list of
dt to follow you with friends this has been
I hope you liked it
and subscribe if you like light up
the next